# FINAL
Tommy's final project website

This is a project description of my final project. Firstly, this is still the original aviation website that I created during the midterm, but this time I updated it with a new background image, a new alignment of photos, larger fonts and images on the menu bar at the top, and several new photos for sure. The things I figured out while updating the website include: adding a favicon, making the photos align in the left and in the right, and change the font size of the menu and the Boeing and Airbus logos. I chose the new background image as the JFK airport control tower, the new image alignment is also for the tower to be shown to the public when they look at my website. I also added a favicon for my website, a tiny paper airplane icon to remind my audiences that this is a website about airplanes. I also used a trick while completing my project: since I want my photos to appear like stickers with the same size, I give all of them same CSS in the end so it saved me a lot of time. If I have more times and more tools, I would upload more photos, and maybe add more pages of different airports I have travelled to besides JFK.
I also want to apologize here that GitHub does not allow me to upload my files since I used original photos for my project and GitHub told me they are too large to be uploaded directly. In that case, I created this google drive link with all of my files here: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1fouKWpjPangVPfKzFFz1gP-2myWBV1KU?usp=sharing
Thank you for your understanding professof!
